# # Nutritional asisstant Bot
***
##  1.Project Description
> This project was conceived as nutritional asisstant, for peaople who care about proper nutrition.
> Anyone can connect telegrambot and choose choose the product category that interests him, the assistant will give out all products of this category and their calorie content.
***
## About Project
> At first it's a website parsing programm, which collects data in multiple formats with categorization:
+ ***Json***
+ ***SQL database***
+ ***CSV***
> After collecting information, we can use it in a way that suits us.
> Connect database to telegram bot and working with user requests.
***
## Libraries that were used:
+ **Beautiful Soup** Is a Python library for pulling data out of HTML and XML files. 
It works with your favorite parser to provide idiomatic ways of navigating, searching, and modifying the parse tree. ап
It commonly saves programmers hours or days of work.
+ **Requests** Is a Python module that you can use to send all kinds of HTTP requests. 
It's an easy-to-use library with many features ranging from passing parameters in URLs to sending custom headers and SSL validation.
+ **Python-telegram-bot** The python-telegram-bot package provides a pure Python interface to the Telegram Bot API. It is compatible with Python 3.6+ versions.
This library contains a number of high-level classes that make bot development easy and straightforward. These classes are contained in the telegram.ext module.
+ **JSON** Is a text (encoded) one of two structures: A set of key:value pairs. In various languages, this is implemented as a record, structure, dictionary, hash table, keyed list, or associative array.
+ **csv** Module implements classes to read and write tabular data in CSV format. It allows programmers to say, “write this data in the format preferred by Excel,” or “read data from this file which was generated by Excel,” without knowing the precise details of the CSV format used by Excel.
+ **SQLite** Is an embedded SQL database engine. Unlike most other SQL databases, SQLite does not have a separate server process. SQLite reads and writes directly to ordinary disk files. A complete SQL database with multiple tables, indices, triggers, and views, is contained in a single disk file. The database file format is cross-platform - you can freely copy a database between 32-bit and 64-bit systems or between big-endian and little-endian architectures.
+ **Pandas** Is a Python library for processing and analyzing structured data, its name comes from "panel data" ("panel data"). Panel data is information obtained as a result of research and structured in the form of tables. Pandas was created to work with such data arrays.
+ **OS** This module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality.
+ **Shutil** module contains a set of high-level functions for handling files, groups of files, and folders. In particular, the functions available here allow you to copy, move and delete files and folders. Often used in conjunction with the os module.
***
***Use the program with pleasure, have a nice day!***
